docs/development/PROJECT_STRUCTURE.md, before:

# AriStay Project - Organized Structure

## 📁 Project Organization

The AriStay project has been reorganized for better maintainability and clarity.

### Root Directory Structure

```
aristay_app/
├── 📁 docs/                    # All project documentation
│   ├── features/               # Feature documentation
│   ├── fixes/                  # Bug fix documentation  
│   ├── backend/               # Backend technical docs
│   ├── requirements/          # Requirements & specs
│   └── README.md              # Documentation index
├── 📁 tests/                   # All test files
│   ├── permissions/           # Permission system tests
│   ├── api/                   # API endpoint tests
│   ├── booking/              # Booking system tests
│   └── README.md             # Testing guide
├── 📁 scripts/                 # Utility scripts
│   ├── permissions/          # Permission management
│   ├── admin/               # Administrative tools
│   └── README.md            # Script usage guide
├── 📁 assets/                  # Static assets & files
├── 📁 aristay_backend/         # Django backend (cleaned)
├── 📁 aristay_flutter_frontend/ # Flutter frontend
├── 📄 README.md               # Main project README
└── 📄 .gitignore             # Git ignore rules
```

### Backend Structure (Cleaned)

```
aristay_backend/
├── 📁 api/                     # Main Django app
├── 📁 backend/                 # Django settings
├── 📁 logs/                    # Application logs
├── 📁 media/                   # User uploaded files
├── 📁 static/                  # Static files
├── 📁 tests/                   # Django unit tests
├── 📁 __pycache__/            # Python cache
├── 📄 manage.py               # Django management
├── 📄 requirements.txt        # Python dependencies
├── 📄 db.sqlite3             # Database
└── 📄 firebase_credentials.json # Firebase config
```

## 🗂️ File Organization Changes

### Documentation
- ✅ **Moved**: All `.md` files to `docs/` with subcategories
- ✅ **Moved**: Requirements docs to `docs/requirements/`
- ✅ **Moved**: Backend docs to `docs/backend/`
- ✅ **Created**: Documentation index and guides

### Tests
- ✅ **Moved**: All `test_*.py` files to `tests/` directory
- ✅ **Organized**: Tests by functionality (permissions, api, booking)
- ✅ **Created**: Test running guide and structure documentation

### Scripts
- ✅ **Moved**: Utility scripts to `scripts/` directory
- ✅ **Organized**: Scripts by purpose (permissions, admin)
- ✅ **Created**: Usage documentation for all scripts

### Cleanup
- ✅ **Removed**: Empty artifact directories (`#/`, `first/`, `or/`, `substitute/`)
- ✅ **Organized**: Assets and static files
- ✅ **Cleaned**: Root directory clutter

## 🎯 Benefits of New Structure

1. **🔍 Better Discovery**: Related files are grouped together
2. **📚 Clear Documentation**: All docs in one place with categories
3. **🧪 Organized Testing**: Tests grouped by functionality
4. **🛠️ Easy Maintenance**: Scripts organized by purpose
5. **🏗️ Standard Structure**: Follows Python/Django best practices
6. **📖 Self-Documenting**: Each directory has its own README

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Running Tests
```bash
# All tests
python -m pytest tests/

# Specific category
python -m pytest tests/permissions/
```

### Using Scripts
```bash
# Permission management
cd scripts/permissions
python grant_portal_access.py

# Admin utilities  
cd scripts/admin
python cleanup_cron.py
```

### Documentation
```bash
# View documentation index
cat docs/README.md

# Feature documentation
ls docs/features/

# Backend documentation
ls docs/backend/
```

## 📋 Migration Guide

If you have scripts or processes that reference the old file locations:

### Old → New Locations

| Old Location | New Location |
|-------------|-------------|
| `*.md` | `docs/` (categorized) |
| `test_*.py` | `tests/` (categorized) |
| `*_demo.py` | `scripts/` |
| `permission_scripts.py` | `scripts/permissions/` |
| `admin_scripts.py` | `scripts/admin/` |
| Backend `*.md` | `docs/backend/` |

### Update Your Commands
```bash
# Old
python test_permissions.py
# New  
python tests/permissions/test_manager_portal.py

# Old
python grant_access.py
# New
cd scripts/permissions && python grant_portal_access.py
```

This organization makes the project more professional, maintainable, and easier to navigate! 🎉

Commit message:

Deprecate legacy docs and update test/report paths
Marked outdated project organization and structure documents as deprecated, redirecting to the official structure and documentation index. Added a comprehensive CI validation report, updated test and script paths in documentation, and improved the test organization guide to reflect the current structure. Also updated the quick test script to correctly determine the project root directory.

docs/development/PROJECT_STRUCTURE.md, after:

# ⚠️ DEPRECATED: Project Structure (Old Version)

**This document is deprecated. Please refer to the official structure:**
- **[PROJECT_STRUCTURE.md](../../PROJECT_STRUCTURE.md)** - Official project organization
- **[docs/DOCUMENTATION_INDEX.md](../DOCUMENTATION_INDEX.md)** - Complete documentation index

---

## 📁 Legacy Project Organization (For Historical Reference)

> **Note**: This structure represents an earlier organization of the project.
> The current official structure includes security categories, reports organization,
> and enhanced script categorization.

### Legacy Root Directory Structure

```
aristay_app/
├── 📁 docs/                    # All project documentation
│   ├── features/               # Feature documentation
│   ├── fixes/                  # Bug fix documentation  
│   ├── backend/               # Backend technical docs
│   ├── requirements/          # Requirements & specs
│   └── README.md              # Documentation index
├── 📁 tests/                   # All test files
│   ├── permissions/           # Permission system tests
│   ├── api/                   # API endpoint tests
│   ├── booking/              # Booking system tests
│   └── README.md             # Testing guide
├── 📁 scripts/                 # Utility scripts
│   ├── permissions/          # Permission management
│   ├── admin/               # Administrative tools
│   └── README.md            # Script usage guide
├── 📁 assets/                  # Static assets & files
├── 📁 aristay_backend/         # Django backend (cleaned)
├── 📁 aristay_flutter_frontend/ # Flutter frontend
├── 📄 README.md               # Main project README
└── 📄 .gitignore             # Git ignore rules
```

### Backend Structure (Cleaned)

```
aristay_backend/
├── 📁 api/                     # Main Django app
├── 📁 backend/                 # Django settings
├── 📁 logs/                    # Application logs
├── 📁 media/                   # User uploaded files
├── 📁 static/                  # Static files
├── 📁 tests/                   # Django unit tests
├── 📁 __pycache__/            # Python cache
├── 📄 manage.py               # Django management
├── 📄 requirements.txt        # Python dependencies
├── 📄 db.sqlite3             # Database
└── 📄 firebase_credentials.json # Firebase config
```

## 🗂️ File Organization Changes

### Documentation
- ✅ **Moved**: All `.md` files to `docs/` with subcategories
- ✅ **Moved**: Requirements docs to `docs/requirements/`
- ✅ **Moved**: Backend docs to `docs/backend/`
- ✅ **Created**: Documentation index and guides

### Tests
- ✅ **Moved**: All `test_*.py` files to `tests/` directory
- ✅ **Organized**: Tests by functionality (permissions, api, booking)
- ✅ **Created**: Test running guide and structure documentation

### Scripts
- ✅ **Moved**: Utility scripts to `scripts/` directory
- ✅ **Organized**: Scripts by purpose (permissions, admin)
- ✅ **Created**: Usage documentation for all scripts

### Cleanup
- ✅ **Removed**: Empty artifact directories (`#/`, `first/`, `or/`, `substitute/`)
- ✅ **Organized**: Assets and static files
- ✅ **Cleaned**: Root directory clutter

## 🎯 Benefits of New Structure

1. **🔍 Better Discovery**: Related files are grouped together
2. **📚 Clear Documentation**: All docs in one place with categories
3. **🧪 Organized Testing**: Tests grouped by functionality
4. **🛠️ Easy Maintenance**: Scripts organized by purpose
5. **🏗️ Standard Structure**: Follows Python/Django best practices
6. **📖 Self-Documenting**: Each directory has its own README

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Running Tests
```bash
# All tests
python -m pytest tests/

# Specific category
python -m pytest tests/permissions/
```

### Using Scripts
```bash
# Permission management
cd scripts/permissions
python grant_portal_access.py

# Admin utilities  
cd scripts/admin
python cleanup_cron.py
```

### Documentation
```bash
# View documentation index
cat docs/README.md

# Feature documentation
ls docs/features/

# Backend documentation
ls docs/backend/
```

## 📋 Migration Guide

If you have scripts or processes that reference the old file locations:

### Old → New Locations

| Old Location | New Location |
|-------------|-------------|
| `*.md` | `docs/` (categorized) |
| `test_*.py` | `tests/` (categorized) |
| `*_demo.py` | `scripts/` |
| `permission_scripts.py` | `scripts/permissions/` |
| `admin_scripts.py` | `scripts/admin/` |
| Backend `*.md` | `docs/backend/` |

### Update Your Commands
```bash
# Old
python test_permissions.py
# New  
python tests/permissions/test_manager_portal.py

# Old
python grant_access.py
# New
cd scripts/permissions && python grant_portal_access.py
```

This organization makes the project more professional, maintainable, and easier to navigate! 🎉
